Use OAuth2 on GitHub (#1437)
camptocamp/c2cwsgiutils: CHANGELOG.md

- Remove the `development.ini` file to simplify the default application template; restore `production.ini` has the default configuration file.
- When the `auth_type` is GitHub the `is_auth` and the `has_access` can return different values, the `is_auth` will just check
  the authentication on GitHub succeed, `has_access` also check that the user has the desired rights.

> - `C2C_SECRET` became deprecated, the GitHub login should be use instead, because he is relay safer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `C2C_SECRET` became deprecated, recommend authentication method is Oauth2 with GitHub for security reason.
```
